<!--
Author: LoveliestJacob
Title: v2.3 update log.
Summary: An update log for v2.3
-->

# v2.3 Update
This version mostly includes improvements rather then features, however there is still some to enjoy!

* **Auto Updates:** The website will now attempt to automatically update itself to the latest version. It will only attempt to do this once in the background per version, even if the attempt failed. This is mostly for mobile users, as clearing the cache can sometimes be more difficult. (Note that there is no visual indication of when it happens.)
* **New Discord Bot Features:** <@1285148080189997107> has received a few new additions! I've added `/config` commands that allow you to pin users to your autocomplete when using commands. Meaning you will no longer need to manually retype common usernames anymore. (Up to 3 users.) I've also added 2 extra slots which are reserved for recent users that are not included in your pinned list. (There is also a new `/config download` command, so you can download your data just like on the website.)
* **Fixed Up Captcha:** The website's captcha has been improved to run faster on slower devices. (Same for the embed feature...) Instead of the captcha appearing at a random spot on the page, you will now get an animated popup at the bottom of your screen indicating that the captcha is running.

*Other stuff...*
- You will now get a notice from the bot if it has trouble responding to your command. Note that it only does this once, even if you get an error again.
- Added a Discord bot display for the front page. Which includes a gif of how it works.
- Redirect utility page will now check if you need to be logged in to access the target page. If you are not logged in, it will redirect you to login before you get redirected back to the original target page.

***Note that you may need to hard refresh the website once before the auto update feature will be enabled.***
